[blog] Clarify early bird renewal discount scope (#48906)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/pages/blog/mui-x-sep-2024-price-update.md

This means you will be able to renew your licenses or purchase additional licenses at a 7% price increase while gaining access to new features.
You'll receive the discount via email, or you can also request it by contacting our [sales team](mailto:sales@mui.com).

:::warning

> **Clarification (added August 2026):** This 20% renewal discount is tied to the Premium licenses that were already active under the early bird program before September 1st, 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Clarification (added August 2026):** This renewal discount applies to Premium licenses purchased through the early bird program before September 1st, 2024.
```

> It applies when renewing those existing licenses, but it does not carry forward to new license purchases or to newer major versions of MUI X (v9 and later), which are billed under current pricing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used when renewing existing licenses only, meaning it is not valid for other MUI X purchases, including but not limited to the new v9 software, which are billed under current pricing.
```

> If you're unsure whether a specific license qualifies, please check with our [sales team](mailto:sales@mui.com) before renewing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're unsure whether a specific purchase qualifies for discount, please check with our [sales team](mailto:sales@mui.com) before renewing.
```
